What's going on, guys? This… I just recorded this entire thing, and…
I realized there was no sound, so… we're gonna record it again, no worries, but this is account creation, client accounts.
So this is gonna be… I just did a video on the mothership accounts, so this one's gonna be the…
client accounts, if you haven't watched the mothership accounts, which you should have, because I think you have to watch them in order, but go watch that one first. Anyways, here is Account Creation 101 Client Accounts.
So first off, creating your account, you're going to want to make a fresh email, sign up with that email through…
Instagram, also through TikTok, also through YouTube. It's important to make a fresh email, you know, if the page is ever hacked, that's what you use to get it back. I would…
Also, create a fresh email so that you can separate, kind of, your…
Clipping email from your personal email, and, it just keeps everything nice and neat.
Now, there are 4 main things you absolutely need to have in your account to avoid being suspended, and actually drive awareness
Or sales to the client.
Let's go over those.
The first is going to be your username choice. So, the username is going to be the name of the client plus a buzzword. So, some examples are Andrew Tate Clips, Andrew Tate Reels, Andrew Tate Motivation, Andrew TateVids. If Andrew Tate was our client.
You can implement underscores or periods to find a unique username, but the idea is to use the client's name, and using a word to differentiate it from the actual main account.
So… you can… use any buzzwords that you're really… that you want. Andrew Tate Lifestyle, Andrew Tate…
stuff. Not stuff, but, like, Andrew Tate life. Andrew Tate…
time. Andrew Tate motivation, videos, reels, clips. As long as it's not saying Andrew underscore Tate, and it's not trying to impersonate and actually look like it's that actual person, you're good to go.
Next is gonna be the display name, so… the display name should be the same as the username, but with spaces. So, if the username is Andrew Tate Clips, the display name's gonna be Andrew Tate Clips.
With spaces, right here.
The bio should be similar to the bio of the client, but it should include these items as well, so you're gonna say whatever similar bio to whatever the client is, and then follow main page, at actual client main page. So if you're on Instagram, you're gonna do the at
the client's main page on Instagram. If you're on TikTok, follow the main page at TikTok.
Main page.
Fan page for client names, so fan page for Andrew Tate. You could also say Reels page for Andrew Tate, Clips page for Andrew Tate. As long as you're specifying that this is not you impersonating, these are two ways that you can avoid kind of being suspended for those things.
And then… oops.
The fourth and final and most important thing is going to be including the links.
So you want to include a clickable link to whatever the client has stated they want to drive sales or awareness to. So it can be their YouTube page, a digital product, a website, whatever it is, include it as a clickable link.
There's also gonna be affiliate links, and I'll have another video going over, kind of, the affiliate process, but the affiliate links are…
ways that you can earn sales commissions for bringing people to a coaching program. So, if someone has a coaching program, they'll give you an affiliate link as, if they're a client, they'll give you an affiliate link. You put that in your bio, and then whenever someone signs up for the coaching program, you would get a certain percentage of that sale.
So if it was a 30% commission on a $100 sale, you would get $30 every time someone signs up with your link.
So make sure that you have that clickable link in there, because it's going to earn you more money, and it'll make the client happy.
Account warming. So you're gonna start, when you create your account, you're gonna follow pages that are similar to the client's niche. So let's say that you have… that our client was,
Jason Derulo, for example, who is an artist. You would then want to follow any other pages that are artists in that similar pop kind of niche. Make sure to follow at least 50 pages in that niche.
start, you know, interacting with those people, maybe comment on their posts, train your Instagram feed to have those kinds of content, because then it figures out that your content is going to be in that niche, and then it'll serve those people that are looking for things in that niche.
Then you're gonna post a few posts of just pictures of the client to give yourself kind of a base for that account. So, you want to create it as a normal human being, post a few pictures, you're a real person, so act like it.
And then after 24, 48, maybe even 72 hours, you're gonna start editing, or start actually posting videos that you edit. So, aim to make 2 to 3 videos per day, and post on each platform. So, 3 total videos that you edit, you're gonna post all 3 videos on each platform, so 9 total posts, through only 3 videos.
And then, the more consistent you are at posting those every single day.
the faster you'll see success in growing your account. This is a game of consistency, and I'm probably gonna say that 3 more times before this video ends.
So now, you're wondering when you start getting followers. It's important, and it's interesting, because you can post 50 times in a row and nothing happens.
Or you can have one video just absolutely go crazy, and you gain thousands of followers.
And this is at the very beginning, it's less predictable.
But when you finally crack the code, you'll start gaining thousands of followers, and your growth will truly begin, and it can be difficult, you know, to crack that code.
So it's very, very, very important not to give up until you reach that point.
Sometimes it'll be after your second video, sometimes it'll be after your hundredth video. Most of the time, it's neither, and it's somewhere in the middle. But just make sure you're consistent, because the people that are consistent are going to be the ones that are successful. And that goes for anything in life.
Now, here's the third time. This is a game of consistency. If you're the person who can post 10 times a day, every single day, for 6 weeks, you are going to be the person who will generate the most views for our clients, I can guarantee it.
So stay diligent, don't lose hope if it's not working immediately.
And I wish you guys the best of luck, and I'll see you in the next video.